---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "CET6"
date:   2011-06-19 03:21:58
categories: 碎碎念
tags: 碎碎念
typora-root-url: ../../halfcoffee
---

today Is my big day , cet6~
I write this for only one reason,use English to write down my English exam
just like last  last semester ,when I attend the band 4 examination,I never study English for it before , when other people busy in remembering English words or doing English test papers ,I just watch my movies or watch <desperate housewives>. only one month ,I watch it to season 7,i'm really enjoy it ,but it's shame that only have 7season of it.
back to the main theme , I pass the CET4 test ,as my roommate said,you must can pass it . finally ,  got 455 of 720. it's not a good score,but ,truly ,that's what   deserve it.   don't regret.
2:30pm,I took my radio and pens walked to examination room, the weather is not very hot ,but is hot , Ijust wear short pants and T-shirt and slippers,actually  I wear like this for two weeks and no one say something until today. a management person stop me and asked me what was i doing there, I show my admission ticket and told him I came here to take the exam , then he said :"so you just wear this ? this is not a market that you can wear anything you want , this is a national exam , you don't think its not suitable for you to wear like this ? ". oh god ! I was really shocked , I don't even image someone can say that to me.everywhere you can find people wear more less and bareness than me ,especially women.I think he must saw them,it's really common during summer.and if I wear like that,who else care but him.the world is change,you need to adapt it. I can only say he is too conservative, I look down upon him! Besides,who else very care about the exam??during college,it's hard to find a one who really care about exams and scores. 
The exam hadn't begin , i feel a little nervous ,may be the man bothered me or something,so what,I can do nothing but breath slowly.I can still remember when I took college entrance examination. I seat in the end of a row , it's my schoolmate in middle school seat front of me.a friend we met in third year of middle school.in this situation ,I can do really nothing. during math exam ,the first one even gave me money to help him with math,i was really nervous that time . this may affect my scores~~~
This time I don't feel the examination questions are too difficult , of course except for Cloze,which I even don't recognize the word in the text. And then ,it's really rush to finish all the question in that time , i did't finish it , a reading comprehension question I don't have time to answer.
After exam ,I didn't talk about it at all. for me it'll bring me bad luck, I always believe it. now ,i just hope i can get a good score ,I don't want to do it again ,it's really a waste of time and money.
finally , I wanna take something lately happens, it's the end of semester again, everyone worry about exams,me too~~I didn't really study this year,I don't like it ~I want use my time to do my thing not to listen boring class,besides,teachers are really bad(one teacher always call herself teacher Wang~I really can't stand it,it feels like she want everyone know she is a teacher). these days I became a little worry about all exam,last year more than 1/4 students did't pass exams,averagely.I always think I may become one of them...
this semester I got nothing but study some computer skills.I don't find me a girl friend i really want one, but,who knows why,I may don't have courage to tell a gril I am interest her....or ,I really didn't find a one.
it's too late tonight,i have sleep after 2 am for two weeks,now i adapt it ..maybe need some time for me to change my biological clock..
